README.md, before:

### Hi there 👋 I'm Lopp ([21] y.o) ! 

:sunglasses: I'd like to do project that has relation to anime. :ghost:

:page_with_curl: **I'm currently learning:**

![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)

---

:star: **Here are some projects that I'm working on:**

- [Cafe Menu](https://github.com/loppocalypse/sapore)
- [Online Shop](https://github.com/loppocalypse/guestsupply)

---

📊 **This week I spent my time on:**

<!--START_SECTION:waka-->
```txt
JavaScript   20 mins         █░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   07.91 %
TypeScript   3 hrs 56 mins   ███████████████████████░░   89.01 %
CSS          18 mins         ▓░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   03.07 %
Markdown     3 mins          ░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   00.39 %
```
<!--END_SECTION:waka-->

---

🚧 **My Todoist Stats:**

<!-- TODO-IST:START -->
🏆 -1 Karma Points  
🌸 Completed 0 tasks today  
✅ Completed 0 tasks so far  
⏳ Longest streak is 6 days
<!-- TODO-IST:END -->

---

<details>
<summary>:trophy: Github Stats</summary>

<img src="https://bad-apple-github-readme.vercel.app/api?show_bg=1&username=loppocalypse">
<img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=loppocalypse&show_icons=true&theme=gotham" alt="loppocalypse" />
<img src="https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=loppocalypse">

</details>

<br>

[![Steam](https://steamcard.dev/76561198389405729)](https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198389405729)

---

**Feel free to contact me** :yum:

<!--<a href="https://t.me/moepoi" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Telegram-%40moepoi-28a8ea"></a>
<a rel="me" href="https://moe.onl/@moepoi" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Mastodon-%40moepoi-blueviolet"></a>
<a href="https://linkedin.com/in/moepoi" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-moepoi-informational"></a>
<a href="mailto:moe@poi.lol"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-moe%40poi.lol-orange"></a>
<a href="https://moepoi.dev" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Personal%20Site-moepoi.dev-red"></a>-->

For freelance work? Do reach at [email](mailto:erenaslan1782@gmail.com) :)

---

**If you like what I do, maybe consider buying me a coffee/tea** 🥺👉👈

<a href="https://buymeacoffee.com/aelvrix" target="_blank"><img src="https://cdn.buymeacoffee.com/buttons/v2/default-red.png" alt="Buy Me A Coffee" width="150" ></a>

Commit message:

Update project to real-world problems

README.md, after:

### Hi there 👋 I'm Lopp ([21] y.o) ! 

:sunglasses: I'd like to do projects that solves real world problems. :ghost:

:page_with_curl: **I'm currently learning:**

![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)

---

:star: **Here are some projects that I'm working on:**

- [Cafe Menu](https://github.com/loppocalypse/sapore)
- [Online Shop](https://github.com/loppocalypse/guestsupply)

---

📊 **This week I spent my time on:**

<!--START_SECTION:waka-->
```txt
JavaScript   20 mins         █░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   07.91 %
TypeScript   3 hrs 56 mins   ███████████████████████░░   89.01 %
CSS          18 mins         ▓░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   03.07 %
Markdown     3 mins          ░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   00.39 %
```
<!--END_SECTION:waka-->

---

🚧 **My Todoist Stats:**

<!-- TODO-IST:START -->
🏆 -1 Karma Points  
🌸 Completed 0 tasks today  
✅ Completed 0 tasks so far  
⏳ Longest streak is 6 days
<!-- TODO-IST:END -->

---

<details>
<summary>:trophy: Github Stats</summary>

<img src="https://bad-apple-github-readme.vercel.app/api?show_bg=1&username=loppocalypse">
<img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=loppocalypse&show_icons=true&theme=gotham" alt="loppocalypse" />
<img src="https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=loppocalypse">

</details>

<br>

[![Steam](https://steamcard.dev/76561198389405729)](https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198389405729)

---

**Feel free to contact me** :yum:

<!--<a href="https://t.me/moepoi" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Telegram-%40moepoi-28a8ea"></a>
<a rel="me" href="https://moe.onl/@moepoi" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Mastodon-%40moepoi-blueviolet"></a>
<a href="https://linkedin.com/in/moepoi" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-moepoi-informational"></a>
<a href="mailto:moe@poi.lol"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-moe%40poi.lol-orange"></a>
<a href="https://moepoi.dev" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Personal%20Site-moepoi.dev-red"></a>-->

For freelance work? Do reach at [email](mailto:erenaslan1782@gmail.com) :)

---

**If you like what I do, maybe consider buying me a coffee/tea** 🥺👉👈

<a href="https://buymeacoffee.com/aelvrix" target="_blank"><img src="https://cdn.buymeacoffee.com/buttons/v2/default-red.png" alt="Buy Me A Coffee" width="150" ></a>
